“LEAVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM”

It’s a leave management system project, used in any organization. The Leave Management module in the company allows their employees to manage their own leaves data. Employees can apply for leave via a mobile application (platform independent) and view their leave record with information on leaves availed, canceled along with the annual leave balance summary.
All leave applications go through an automatic approval process, wherein, the employee’s manager is informed of leave applications via an automatic email generated by the system or a notification in the app.
       Functionalities requirements:

There should be 3 types of accounts involved in this Leave management system Android App

•	Employee account
•	Manager account
•	LMS admin account

1. The user should apply to leave through the Leave Management System.

2. Once you log in, you should see your profile page. (Your photo, emp id, emp name, joining date, manager name)

3. There should be a navigation Menu. (Where Each Menu Item has a unique functionality)

4. Menu Tab1 -> apply for leave, (when you apply to leave an email should trigger to the manager of the employee -> email content should display the leave summary (how many CL /SL/PL’s ) does the employee has.)
Notification in the app to the manager account.

5. Menu Tab2 -> should display leave a summary of the person who logged in. (total casual leaves/ sick leaves/total privilege leave taken and so on)

6. Menu Tab3 -> (manager specific activity) -> should be able to see who all are in left in his team.

7. Menu Tab4 -> additional functionality based upon your ideas is appreciated.

8. Menu Tab5 -> Holiday calendar of the year. (Calendar should color out the applied leaves by the person)

   HARDWARE   REQUIRMENT:

•	Android mobile with a minimum version 2.2.
•	The processor is not less than 500MHZ.
•	RAM is not less than 2048MB.
•	SD card with a minimum of 512MB.
Resolution is not less than 480*800pixs
	
Software Requirements:
•	Windows OS/JAVA/Android SDK/Notepad/SQL/Android 2.2 or Later
